sweetie pie how about this one I want
you just going it once eggs you go ahead
fighter fish from here on out for a
minute till we figure out what's going
on with the new you know cases we got
raised I hear did you raise a like Ray J
like getting all this money you ain't
got no time Ray J I go way back
let me travel there lay a lot I made a
lot of people and Ray J just having to
be someone I clicked with I need some
lemonade y'all got the best lemonade try
to get some lemonade on deck good man
what you doing Iron Man how's business
pretty good man keep out of trouble
yeah I see y'all super successful yeah
man yeah this has been a blessing man I
didn't do it I've been doing good man I
just been grinding my jean behind it
trying to put it all together you know
them to the side I'm coming to holler at
you more so about the business just to
see why when you come into La like what
can I do to help
found idea found a building up vanilla
it well we need you in our lives
no probably the only thing we got is
Roscoe's but that ain't nothing like
this franchise this place yeah I mean
this I just can't believe that success
we had in the past over years man
besides Nellie out here when he came and
hit the scene you hit the scene way
harder I'm trying
yeah I'm trying to do something smaller
and faster to expand the brand fast okay
you know I think the building I got in
LA might do the trick because it's real
small it's not being like this how would
it be different in LA how would you feel
like you can compete with everything
else is going on in our city that's my
fear but also I think that's my my
advantage because no one is doing what
we do
everybody is so geared towards you know
healthy and then low carbs and no
calories on stuff we exactly the
opposite
I honestly feel like they're not going
to be able to convict a police officers
why the uniform stands for it's almost
like it's automatic you're right we've
all told ourselves a lie or two about
how we're going to keep from becoming a
mess
Jill Pollock is a professional organizer
who is joining us from New York City to
debunk some common misconceptions of
home organizing